The Joe Rogan experience. How about Richard Branson guy?
Just shoot himself off in the space. And people are so mad at him.
I said on Twitter.
I feel like my invite got lost in the mail. I should've been on that ship.
Would you, would you have gone? No, I wouldn't have gone talk to him also.
When you asked to be died, you'll go, Jamie, doesn't give a. Richard.
Brandon said, if you're listening to Jamie, we'll join you on your.
Next boy. Amy's at least part alien.
Jamie's immune to edibles and Eddie got to go. Yeah. Eddie should go.
I got to go with Eddie. We think it's a hologram. It's a hologram.
Imagine if you took Eddie up into space and he still didn't believe that the
earth was round, we're both gonna have a camera and a not edited, bro.
They took you to hologram. You don't even understand, um, master, if he's right.
[inaudible], you're
crazy. That's why there's no good video from the thing. And as we get up there and
Eddie's right all along and I got to eat Crow
, we're going to go here. Sorry, Eddie. There was flat. Um,
yeah. I mean, imagine if you died right next to Richard Branson, like
dumb, make me go up and your stupid rocket.
Rocket.
Ship, Elan Musk has a ticket to ride. I'm Richard Branson space, plane.
Um, do you trust it? I don't know if I trust it.
Like those things, they blow up a lot.
They blow up one person is to blow up. They'd blown up a few times,
right on the launch pad and trying to land.
Still. I still don't understand how airplanes work, like how they're safe.
So I'm not I'm looking at.
Well, Ilan was explaining to me that the, uh,
below ups and the failure was actually built in into the equation of, uh,
you know, like the, the way they're designing these things.
There's going to be failure because they're trying to test the tolerance is to
figure things out. That's the whole idea of tests is it,
some of them were going to fail. So it wasn't disturbing to him at all.
When these rockets are blowing up and he's like,
now we know why it blew up and we'll fix that.
And now this one won't blow up and then.
He's not going to come out. It'd be like, wow.
Yeah, we're. Well, he wouldn't look. No, no, no, no, no. He would,
he would a hundred percent. That guy does not.
He is not interested in lying. You can say whatever you want about Elon Musk.
He, he might be wildly eccentric and, and, and,
and maybe even stretched too thin because he has so many different projects.
He works on constantly.
And that guy is not a liar by any stretch of the imagination.
He's discussing the way they've designed this protocol for engineering,
these rockets, that they knew that they were going to have failures.
It's part of the process, I guess. I mean, it made sense, right?
Like how the else are you going to build a rock? And you got up,
you got to test of test them. They're going to blow up. And when they blow up,
it's spectacular. Beautiful fill with rocket juice. No,
I'm not interested though, man. I mean, not until they got that down,
you know, down to a it, if it was.
Like.
Yeah, I like that. Yeah. But until then, off. I'll let other people do it.
What am I going to do? But to get up and then go down. This is,
it's just like the video. you. I'm staying right here.
And then the other thing that freaks me out, if you get into real space,
like orbit is space junk, you know, they're just kicking you out.
So Russian satellites in 1965,
so random Chinese bolt hits you in the forehead going 500,000 miles an hour or
whatever the it's called.
Yeah. I think there's not, but is there a chance to accidentally go too far?
I'm like, oh nah, we got to go around.
I can come back. No food.
And you get the weeks we're going to have to eat each other. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't think so house. I just, uh,
I would hate to see Richard Branson blow up in space because that would set
back space traveling. That's kind of crazy that, I mean,
I don't know how long they planned it in advance,
but he only went like 50 miles. Right. Is that the idea of space?
So it's very disputed. Like what it is like was it even dark where he was at?
I saw a picture, it looked like half, half dark, half, half ours,
but you got to go dark and then it turns upside down. Can see whatever. Yeah.
I mean, you know what I'm saying? Like, you can't go camping during the day,
but they did slept during the day, camping in the woods.
Or hip and beat Jeff Bezos. Who's going next week. He's supposed to go next.
He must be stay or something. He must be so mad, mad if he does,
because he just handed over the CEO of his company. He's not the CEO anymore.
Right. I miss that. I,
his wife married a science teacher and he's probably going, ah,
let me get some that rocket blows up. Is he going to deep space? Is he.
Going out? I kind of think it's the same thing.
But instead of going like a roller coaster on a plane,
they're going up in a balloon and then come back down in a balloon.
Yeah.
I take that back. But they come down on a parachute, a parachute. Yeah.
I was picturing something like that.
So you always got a way better system. His rocket is actually going to land,
you know, he's got it down. That's better. Yeah.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expanse.